Warn about updating tokens for tests_recording (#2476)
packit/packit: CONTRIBUTING.md

- remove files from [tests_recording/test_data/](tests_recording/test_data) you want to re-generate
- set tokens in your [~/.config/.packit.yaml](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#user-configuration-file)
- `make check-in-container-regenerate-data`

> - if any of your tokens is invalid, make sure to remove the files to be re-generated again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if you realize after recording that one of your tokens is invalid, 
  make sure to remove the files to be re-generated again
```

I would probably add a bit of more context.
